README.md, before:

# Salesforce-Commerce-Cloud-Components

Welcome to Salesforce Commerce Cloud Components! 
This repository is an open source, community driven, source of reference / sample components for Commerce Cloud on Core. (That is to say B2B and D2C Commerce)

These components are components intended to get you started quicker on any customization that is needed within Commerce Cloud. While each developer strives to build the most 'production' ready component as possible to contribute, you should make your own assessment of the components prod-readiness before using them. 
In most cases, you'll be able to hit the ground running with these components and make your own modifications as needed. 

NOTE: These components are designed only for the LWR version of checkout, not the previous Aura version (flow based checkout).

This repository is not intended to replace the great content that Salesforce already provides us, but as LWR is still new this space can be used to bring together community created content quicker in some areas. 
https://github.com/forcedotcom/commerce-on-lightning-components/tree/release

### ⚠️ Disclaimers

- This collection is provided as-is. It's not officially supported by Code It Forward or covered by SLAs.
- Detailed component & functionality documentation is not provided with the collection. 
- High level component documentation can be found in the readme of each feature folder listed below. 


### List of Sections
The following components are the current components available in this repository.

| Component  | Page | Status | Demo Video |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| [Checkout](/checkout/)  | Checkout  | Ready | - |
| [Cart Items](/cart/cartItems/)  | Cart  | Ready | - |
| [Cart Summary](/cart/cartSummary/)  | Cart, Checkout  | Ready | https://youtu.be/iVCZ5ZUEy9U?t=427 |
| [Shipping Method](/checkout/shippingMethod/)  | Checkout  | Ready | https://youtu.be/iVCZ5ZUEy9U?t=666 |
| [Shipping Instructions](/checkout/shippingInstructions/)  | Checkout  | Ready | https://youtu.be/iVCZ5ZUEy9U?t=666 |
| [Simple Purchase Order](/checkout/simplePurchaseOrder/)  | Checkout  | Ready | https://youtu.be/nBPWHMgfOq0 |
| [Account](/account/)  | Account  | Ready | - |


If you're interested in contributing, create a branch / pull request and get started! The more we contribute the better this repository is!

Commit message:

Shipping Address Component
This update includes a new shipping address component for the checkout experience, along with updates to the main readme.

README.md, after:

# Salesforce-Commerce-Cloud-Components

Welcome to Salesforce Commerce Cloud Components! 
This repository is an open source, community driven, source of reference / sample components for Commerce Cloud on Core. (That is to say B2B and D2C Commerce)

These components are components intended to get you started quicker on any customization that is needed within Commerce Cloud. While each developer strives to build the most 'production' ready component as possible to contribute, you should make your own assessment of the components prod-readiness before using them. 
In most cases, you'll be able to hit the ground running with these components and make your own modifications as needed. 

NOTE: These components are designed only for the LWR version of checkout, not the previous Aura version (flow based checkout).

This repository is not intended to replace the great content that Salesforce already provides us, but as LWR is still new this space can be used to bring together community created content quicker in some areas. 
https://github.com/forcedotcom/commerce-on-lightning-components/tree/release

### ⚠️ Disclaimers

- This collection is provided as-is. It's not officially supported by Code It Forward or covered by SLAs.
- Detailed component & functionality documentation is not provided with the collection. 
- High level component documentation can be found in the readme of each feature folder listed below. 


### List of Sections

| Sections  | Experience Cloud Page | 
| ------------- | ------------- | 
| [Checkout](/checkout/)  | Checkout  | 
| [Cart](/cart/)  | Cart  | 
| [Account](/account/)  | Account  | 

The following components are some of the highlights to take a look at in this repository.

| Component  | Page | Status | Demo Video |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| [Cart Items](/cart/cartItems/)  | Cart  | Ready | - |
| [Cart Summary](/cart/cartSummary/)  | Cart, Checkout  | Ready | https://youtu.be/iVCZ5ZUEy9U?t=427 |
| [Shipping Method](/checkout/shippingMethod/)  | Checkout  | Ready | https://youtu.be/iVCZ5ZUEy9U?t=666 |
| [Simple Purchase Order](/checkout/simplePurchaseOrder/)  | Checkout  | Ready | https://youtu.be/nBPWHMgfOq0 |
| [CyberSource Payments](/checkout/cybersourcePayments/)  | Checkout  | Ready | - |
| [Checkout Shipping Addresses](/checkout/shippingAddress/)  | Checkout  | Ready | https://youtu.be/u2UXJ1HLZeQ |


If you're interested in contributing, create a branch / pull request and get started! The more we contribute the better this repository is!
